This code is being released on GitHub for public use without restrictions. 
 I do ask that I be given credit if you use this in your project.

 The code is a work in progress but nearing completion.
 
 It was originally developed several years ago as part of the PeakHoldem 
 6-max Texas Hold'em product. For health reasons, the author Charles Peak
 was unable to complete the product even though it was 90% complete. 
 PeakHoldem was never oficially released. There is a PeakHoldem website
 that has not been maintained but has a lot of information.
 
 My health has now recovered, and I will finish this project as well as another 
 project that analyzed Hand History files in ways that HoldemManager does not.
 But, I will probably not try to market either project. 

 What I have attempted to accomplish with both PeakHoldemEvaluator and with PeakHoldemHandHistory is to analyze poker hands in ways never done before.
 For example, in Hand History I look at the effects of bet sizes on how
 a player responds. What is the best bet size if you want your opponent to
 fold vs if you want him to call. I am analyzing 10 million hands to find out.

 In PeakHoldemEvaluator I look at ways to categorize boards such as HML 
 (High, Medium, Low ) trying to find a simple way other than the classic 
 wet / dry kind of analysis to determine how to best play hands on the 10 
 Flop HML types. Or the 1755 possible Flops. 
 
 There are literally hundreds of Classes coded and most are fully tested.
 I do not want to waste the effort that I put into PeakHoldem and PeakHoldemEvaluator.
 I don't plan to market, so will release the bulk of the code for public use.
 It will be released in several independent Classes.
 It will take some time because there will be necessary code modifications to seperate 
 them from PeakHoldem and PeakHoldemEvaluator.

 There are many usefull classes in this projrct than can be used in the 
 creation of your project, such as the deck and card classes. They are
 not specific to this project. Bt if you need to deal cards in a psuedo random way
 have at it.

 There are Classes that are ideas that I have not seen before here on GitHub.
 Preflop ranges are in these Classes along with editors. They were used in PeakHoldem
 and modified to be more generalized. HandRange, HandRangeMultiple, EditRange, and
 GUIEditRange.

 Also possibly useful is the HandHistor Class that will create Hand History files
 that look like PokerStars Hand History files. Can even be imported into Holdem Manager.
 
 PeakHoldemEvaluatoris the first such package. This one.
 
 This code was originally developed for three projects:
    	game - Simulates a Texas Hold'em 6-max no limit game.
	  		It uses this Class to evaluate the Heros hand in the game, collecting
  			detailed information. For his opponents it only collects information
  			at Showdown when his hole cards are known. It is unique in that all
 			play is controlled by external files that the user can edit. Patent Pending.
              		hand_history_analysis looks at millions of Hand History files and saves
  			summarized results. Not competing with Holdem Manager, instead it
  			does a deeper level of evaluation. Unique in known applications. 
  		evaluate - This project. I use it to run millions of hands gathering information
  			on things like characterizing a Flop as HML or as one of 1755 possible Flops
  			and determining how well each flop does at Showdown. Thus a way to determine
  			how tp play any particular Flop. 

About me. I am 80 yers old, wrote my first program in 1965. ( in machine language )
	Worked 

